_participants/in-person-program-experience.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Program Experience: SIGCSE TS 2022 In-Person Registration"
showTitle: true
---

Consider downloading the RICC and Omni [floor plans](/assets/pdf/RICC_and_Omni_Floor_Plans.pdf) (PDF).

## Keynote/Ballroom
Our keynotes will be delivered in a hybrid format. If you would like to ask a question or make a comment, then you will do that through the Pathable app instead of going up to the microphone.   This will be different, however, it provides all participants the chance to ask questions and minimizes our technology requirements.

All rooms at the conference will have normal and social-distance seating.  Please sit where you feel comfortable and enjoy the presentations!

## Panels and Special Sessions in RICC 552 A/B, 555 A/B and 556 A/B  - Hybrid Rooms

Panels and Special Sessions will all be held in one of the three rooms supporting a hybrid format at the Rhode Island Convention Center.  These rooms are RICC 552, 555, and 556.  This is a new experience for SIGCSE, where presenters and attendees will be virtual and in-person!  There will be a camera focused on the front of the room, and no technician, so please follow the directions for interacting to ensure everyone can participate.

If you would like to ask a question, or make a comment, then you will do that through the Pathable app instead of going up to the microphone. This will be different, however it provides all participants the chance to ask questions and minimizes our technology requirements.

All rooms at the conference will have normal seating and social-distance seating.  Please sit where you feel most comfortable and enjoy the presentations!

## Paper Presentations

Paper presentations will be held in conference rooms solely virtually or in-person. There will be no hybrid capabilities.  Social distance seating will be available for in-person events and we envision in-person sessions being managed as they have been in previous SIGCSE TS’s.

## Question: I am an in-person attendee and would like to attend some virtual events. Is this possible?

Answer:  Yes! SIGCSE is a community, and all are welcome to attend virtual events.  We ask that if you will be participating in an event where you will be uploading your video that you consider doing that outside of the RICC to ensure all SIGCSE TS attendees can access wifi.  *There is one exception to this and that are workshops.  We offer workshops in just one modality (in-person or virtual) and in order to support virtual attendees, only virtual registratants can register for virtual workshops.*

Commit message:

Second draft of Participants subpages

_participants/in-person-program-experience.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Program Experience: SIGCSE TS 2022 In-Person Registration"
showTitle: true
---

Consider downloading the RICC and Omni [floor plans](/assets/pdf/RICC_and_Omni_Floor_Plans.pdf) (PDF).

## Keynote/Ballroom
Our keynotes will be delivered in a hybrid format. If you would like to ask a question or make a comment, then you will do that through the Pathable app if you are attending virtually or going up to the microphone if you are attending in person.

All rooms at the conference will have normal and social-distance seating.  Please sit where you feel comfortable and enjoy the presentations!

## Panels and Special Sessions in RICC 552 A/B, 555 A/B and 556 A/B  - Hybrid Rooms

Panels and Special Sessions will all be held in one of the three rooms supporting a hybrid format at the Rhode Island Convention Center.  These rooms are RICC 552, 555, and 556.  This is a new experience for SIGCSE, where presenters and attendees will be virtual and in-person!  There will be a camera focused on the front of the room, and no technician, so please follow the directions for interacting to ensure everyone can participate.

If you would like to ask a question, or make a comment, then you will do that through the Pathable app if you are attending virtually or going up to the microphone if you are attending in person.

All rooms at the conference will have normal seating and social-distance seating.  Please sit where you feel most comfortable and enjoy the presentations!

## Paper Presentations

Paper presentations will be held in conference rooms solely virtually or in-person. There will be no hybrid capabilities.  Social distance seating will be available for in-person events and we envision in-person sessions being managed as they have been in previous SIGCSE TS’s.

## Question: I am an in-person attendee and would like to attend some virtual events. Is this possible?

Answer:  Yes! SIGCSE is a community, and all are welcome to attend virtual events.  We ask that if you will be participating in an event where you will be uploading your video that you consider doing that outside of the RICC to ensure all SIGCSE TS attendees can access wifi.  *There is one exception to this and that are workshops.  We offer workshops in just one modality (in-person or virtual) and in order to support virtual attendees, only virtual registratants can register for virtual workshops.*
