_participants/virtual-getting-ready.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Attendee Information and FAQ
showTitle: true
---

# SIGCSE TS 2022 - What to know

We are so excited to provide our community with a technical symposium supporting virtual and in-person attendees.  We have tried to design a conference that is engaging and open to all, while also keeping costs down.  This means that we will have some sessions with in-person and virtual attendees, while others with only in-person attendees or virtual attendees.  We ask for your patience and constructive feedback while we find a way to offer the symposium to all who are interested.  If you are like us, you will have questions and this page, and its links, are here to help you navigate this years offering!

We will be offering the conference at the Rhode Island Convention Center, Omni Hotel and through Pathable.   All attendees will have events available daily March 3-5th.  Virtual and in-person attendees will be together for all keynote sessions.  In addition, there will be three streaming rooms hosting panels and special sessions,

### Question:  I am attending in-person, what should I expect?

Answer: Please see [new page here]

### Question:  I am attending virtually, what should I expect?

Answer: Please see [new page here]

### Question: I am attending in-person and have questions related to COVID.

Answer: Please see our COVID Concierge web page at [new page here].

---

### Question:  I would like to switch my registration from in-person[virtua] to virtual[in-person].  What should I do?

Answer: This can be done through Cvent!  If you have any problems, please contact <registration@sigcse2022.org> or <symposium@sigcse2022.org>.

---

### Question: Where can I find the most current scheduled program?

Answer:  We always have changes to the program, so the printed program is a fantastic place to start planning your agenda for the conference.  Once the conference starts, Pathable will have the current schedule for virtual attendees.  The website will have the latest information for in-person sessions.

### Question: I am an in-person attendee and would like to attend some virtual events. Is this possible?

Answer:  Yes! SIGCSE is a community, and all are welcome to attend virtual events.  We ask that if you will be participating in an event where you will be uploading your video that you consider doing that outside of the RICC to ensure all SIGCSE TS attendees can access wifi.  *There is one exception to this and that are workshops.  We offer workshops in just one modality (in-person or virtual) and in order to support virtual attendees, only virtual registratants can register for virtual workshops.*

### Question: Why aren't workshops/BOFs in hybrid mode?

Answer:  This was discussed extensively within the team. Three of the accepted workshops indicated an interest in offering it in a hybrid format and while we wish we could offer them, it is cost-prohibitive for supporting streaming and Pathable use.  Without this, there is no guarantee of adequately working technology and the risks outweighed the benefits for this year.  

### Question: I would like to meet with one of the authors, how can I connect with them?

Answer:  If you are both in-person, then attend their session.  If you are both virtual, then plan to attend the Author's Corner where this author will be participating.  If you can't attend the session, Authors' Corner or are attending in different modalities, then please contact the author through Pathable!

### Question: Why isn't everything hybrid?

Answer: Great question! This is our first foray into offering the SIGCSE TS in a hybrid format.  Our goal is to have a seamless SIGCSE TS, and this is our first huge step in that direction.

Commit message:

Second draft of Participants subpages

_participants/virtual-getting-ready.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Getting Ready: SIGCSE TS Virtual Participation"
showTitle: true
---

We are so excited to provide our community with a technical symposium supporting virtual and in-person attendees.  We have tried to design a conference that is engaging and open to all, while also keeping costs down.  This means that we will have some sessions with in-person and virtual attendees, while others with only in-person attendees or virtual attendees.  We ask for your patience and constructive feedback while we find a way to offer the symposium to all who are interested.  If you are like us, you will have questions and this page, and its links, are here to help you navigate this years offering!

We will be offering the conference at the Rhode Island Convention Center, Omni Hotel and through Pathable.   All attendees will have events available daily March 3-5th.  All TS 2022 participants can take part in daily plenary sessions, panels, special sessions and Authors’ Corner sessions.  Those participating in person will do so in the ballroom or one of three hybrid rooms, while those participating virtually will do so in Pathable.

### Question:  I am attending in-person, what should I expect?

Answer: Please see [new page here]

### Question:  I am attending virtually, what should I expect?

Answer: Please see [new page here]

### Question: I am attending in-person and have questions related to COVID.

Answer: Please see our COVID Concierge web page at [new page here].

---

### Question:  I would like to switch my registration from in-person[virtua] to virtual[in-person].  What should I do?

Answer: This can be done through Cvent!  If you have any problems, please contact <registration@sigcse2022.org> or <symposium@sigcse2022.org>.

---

### Question: Where can I find the most current scheduled program?

Answer:  The [program schedule page](/schedule) of this website is one of three sources of program schedule information, the others being:
- The [agenda on our Pathable site](https://sigcse2022.us2.pathable.com/agenda) (be patient, it takes a few seconds to load).
- The printed program booklet and addendum available to in-person attendees.

The number of late-breaking changes to the program schedule this year has been unprecedented as fluctuating pandemic conditions and travel restrictions lead authors to switch from virtual to in-person participation and vice-versa. As such, the program schedule page may not reflect the most recent changes. **During the Symposium, participants should refer to either the printed program booklet with its addendum or the Pathable agenda.** The latter will be the most up-to-date. The program schedule page will be updated once more after the Symposium to serve as the publicly-accessible historical record of the Symposium.


### Question: I am an in-person attendee and would like to attend some virtual events. Is this possible?

Answer:  Yes! SIGCSE is a community, and all are welcome to attend virtual events.  We ask that if you will be participating in an event where you will be uploading your video that you consider doing this outside of the RICC to ensure all SIGCSE TS attendees can access wifi.  *There is one exception to this and that are workshops.  We offer workshops in just one modality (in-person or virtual) and in order to support virtual attendees, only virtual registratants can register for virtual workshops.*

### Question: Why aren't workshops/BOFs in hybrid mode?

Answer:  This was discussed extensively within the team. Three of the accepted workshops indicated an interest in offering it in a hybrid format and while we wish we could offer them, it is cost-prohibitive for supporting streaming and Pathable use.  Without this, there is no guarantee of adequately working technology and the risks outweighed the benefits for this year.  

### Question: I would like to meet with one of the authors, how can I connect with them?

Answer:  If you are both in-person, then attend their session.  If you are both virtual, then plan to attend the [Authors' Corner](/participants/virtual-program-experience#authors-corner) where this author will be participating.  If you can't attend either the session or [Authors' Corner](/participants/virtual-program-experience#authors-corner) and you are attending in different modalities, then please contact the author through Pathable!

### Question: Why isn't everything hybrid?

Answer: Great question! This is our first foray into offering the SIGCSE TS in a hybrid format.  Our goal is to have a seamless SIGCSE TS, and this is our first huge step in that direction.
