_authors/affiliated.md, before:

---
layout: page
order: 3
title: Affiliated Events
track: Affiliated Events

---

{% include submission-details.html %}

{% include covid-guidelines-alert.html %}

## Author Guidelines: Affiliated Event

{% include alert info='Current as of August 13 2020' %}

{% include alert info='We are still establishing new policies for pre-symposium and affiliated events for a virtual Technical Symposium, including cost structure, format, and timing.  If you are interested in holding either a pre-symposium or affiliated event, please contact symposium@sigcse2021.org to discuss your needs.' %}

Affiliated Events are an excellent venue for SIGCSE TS sub-communities or groups to arrange a time to gather and present or discuss topics of interest, typically over a meal or during a reception **during the conference**. We encourage submission of affiliated events that describe existing and emerging subfields, areas and groups of diversity, and bringing together communities of practice.

We encourage sub-communities to gather in their own affiliated events by submitting an affiliated event proposal that should include a description of the event and its importance and relevance and the proposed format for the event.  **[Please note there is typically a charge for holding an Affiliated Event to help defray costs.](#logistics)**

If your affiliated event is accepted, affiliated events organizers invite members of your community to participate in the event. Your event organizers would be responsible for handling all affiliated event websites and participant organization.  The title, organization, abstract, and date/time for the affiliated event are included in the schedule.

**Proposals undergo review but not anonymous review.**  Affiliated events will be selected based on availability.

**SIGCSE TS Supporters interested in holding an Affiliated Event should contact sigcse@dlplan.com for more information.**

## How Should The Proposal Be Formatted?

Event proposals are to be provided in PDF format. The full proposal contains an abstract and a body that describes your Event (as detailed below). The abstract needs to appear in two places: in the PDF proposal and in a text box on the submission page.

The full proposal is used for the review process only. If the proposal is accepted, the abstract is the description that appears on the Symposium website and in the Symposium program and proceedings. The format for the proposal is as follows.

### Event Proposal Format and Contents

-   **Title**: A title for the Pre-Symposium Event.

-   **Abstract**: A description of the Event. The same abstract will also need to be submitted via a text box on the submission page. Please be sure that your description is accurate and that both submitted copies (here in the Event Proposal, and in the submission text box) are exactly the same.

-   **Proposer(s)**:  Include name, affiliation, email address, and website address. You should expect most correspondence related to the conference to arrive via email. Please check your spam filter if you haven’t received an expected notification because the auto-responses generated by the conference software are sometimes blocked.

-   **Event URL**: List the anticipated URL for your event website here.  

-   **Significance and Relevance of the Event Topic/Purpose**: lease include information about any trends in relation to the subfield and possibly describe (or cite) evidence to that effect. Your objective here is to explain why the event or community served is significant.

-   **Intended Audience**: Briefly describe the nature and size of the intended/expected audience. This information will help gauge the level of interest SIGCSE Technical Symposium attendees will have in the Event.

-   **Expertise of Organizer(s)**: Give a summary of the qualifications of the organizer(s) as it relates to the event being proposed.

-   **Virtual/Hybrid Plans**: Give a summary of how your event could potentially run if SIGCSE TS 2021 was a hybrid or fully virtual event.

-   **Audio/Visual and Room Setup Requirements**: Please enter these only on the EasyChair submission form, and not in your proposal upload document.

-	**Event Time Preference**: Please enter these only on the EasyChair submission form, unless you select "Other time ideas".  You have the choice between:

	* Breakfast (on Thursday, Friday, or Saturday as scheduled by the Affiliated Events Chairs); 
	
	* Lunch (Thursday or Friday, as scheduled by the Affiliated Events Chairs); 
	
	* Reception (Friday or Saturday); 
	
	* Other time ideas - please specify in the proposal 


### Event Proposal Abstract

The abstract is the description of the event that will appear on the conference web pages. The description is limited to and must match verbatim the abstract section of the Event Proposal. The Event abstract must be submitted in plain text. The abstract for an accepted proposal SHOULD contain a URL with more information. (Abstracts of accepted Events can be edited in response to feedback.)

### EasyChair Submission

Please note that the questions in EasyChair were determined before it was decided that SIGCSE TS 2021 would be a virtual event.  We do not wish to change the questions after submissions have opened as it may have unintended consequences with the submission system.  Please answer the questions as best you can, ensuring that your virtual plans are in your PDF submission as that is what we will be working from.  We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience.  If you have any questions regarding your submission, please do not hesitate to contact [symposium@sigcse2021.org](mailto:symposium@sigcse2021.org).

<a name="logistics"></a>

## Logistics
The logistics information for Affiliated Events are detailed below.  Once the Affiliated Event is accepted the Pre-Symposium and Affiliated Events Chairs and dLPLAN (the SIGCSE TS Conference Management group) will contact organizers for further details about logistics including invoicing. Please make sure that you enter the correct contact information for those handling event logistics when submitting the event proposal to EasyChair.

### Charge
Affiliated Events will be charged a fee to help defray costs.  The exact costs have not been determined yet due to current COVID-19 related plans.  We will update this page as soon as more information is known.

### Registration
Registration for the event must be handled by the Affiliated Event organizers and will not be handled by the SIGCSE TS registration system.   (UPDATE: This is subject to change depending on the virtual platform chosen.  We will update this page as soon as more information is known.)

Commit message:

pre sym and affiliated update

_authors/affiliated.md, after:

---
layout: page
order: 3
title: Affiliated Events
track: Affiliated Events

---

{% include submission-details.html %}

{% include covid-guidelines-alert.html %}

## Author Guidelines: Affiliated Event

{% include alert info='Current as of August 13 2020' %}

{% include alert info='We are still establishing new policies for pre-symposium and affiliated events for a virtual Technical Symposium, including cost structure, format, and timing.  If you are interested in holding either a pre-symposium or affiliated event, please contact symposium@sigcse2021.org to discuss your needs.' %}

Affiliated Events are an excellent venue for SIGCSE TS sub-communities or groups to arrange a time to gather and present or discuss topics of interest, typically over a meal or during a reception **during the conference**. We encourage submission of affiliated events that describe existing and emerging subfields, areas and groups of diversity, and bringing together communities of practice.

We encourage sub-communities to gather in their own affiliated events by submitting an affiliated event proposal that should include a description of the event and its importance and relevance and the proposed format for the event.  **[Please note there is typically a charge for holding an Affiliated Event to help defray costs.](#logistics)**

If your affiliated event is accepted, affiliated events organizers invite members of your community to participate in the event. Your event organizers would be responsible for handling all affiliated event websites and participant organization.  The title, organization, abstract, and date/time for the affiliated event are included in the schedule.

**Proposals undergo review but not anonymous review.**  Affiliated events will be selected based on availability.

**SIGCSE TS Supporters interested in holding an Affiliated Event should contact sigcse@dlplan.com for more information.**

## How Should The Proposal Be Formatted?

Event proposals are to be provided in PDF format. The full proposal contains an abstract and a body that describes your Event (as detailed below). The abstract needs to appear in two places: in the PDF proposal and in a text box on the submission page.

The full proposal is used for the review process only. If the proposal is accepted, the abstract is the description that appears on the Symposium website and in the Symposium program and proceedings. The format for the proposal is as follows.

### Event Proposal Format and Contents

-   **Title**: A title for the Pre-Symposium Event.

-   **Abstract**: A description of the Event. The same abstract will also need to be submitted via a text box on the submission page. Please be sure that your description is accurate and that both submitted copies (here in the Event Proposal, and in the submission text box) are exactly the same.

-   **Proposer(s)**:  Include name, affiliation, email address, and website address. You should expect most correspondence related to the conference to arrive via email. Please check your spam filter if you haven’t received an expected notification because the auto-responses generated by the conference software are sometimes blocked.

-   **Event URL**: List the anticipated URL for your event website here.  

-   **Significance and Relevance of the Event Topic/Purpose**: Please include information about any trends in relation to the subfield and possibly describe (or cite) evidence to that effect. Your objective here is to explain why the event or community served is significant.

-   **Intended Audience**: Briefly describe the nature and size of the intended/expected audience. This information will help gauge the level of interest SIGCSE Technical Symposium attendees will have in the Event.

-   **Expertise of Organizer(s)**: Give a summary of the qualifications of the organizer(s) as it relates to the event being proposed.

-   **Virtual Plans**: Give a summary of how your event would run in a fully virtual format.

-	**Event Time Preference**: Please describe when you would like to hold your event.  Examples might include the weeks before the Technical Symposium, during the week of the Technical Symposium, after the Technical Symposium, and what time of day in the Eastern time zone.


### Event Proposal Abstract

The abstract is the description of the event that will appear on the conference web pages. The description is limited to and must match verbatim the abstract section of the Event Proposal. The Event abstract must be submitted in plain text. The abstract for an accepted proposal SHOULD contain a URL with more information. (Abstracts of accepted Events can be edited in response to feedback.)

### EasyChair Submission

Please note that the questions in EasyChair were determined before it was decided that SIGCSE TS 2021 would be a virtual event.  We do not wish to change the questions after submissions have opened as it may have unintended consequences with the submission system.  Please answer the questions as best you can, ensuring that your virtual plans are in your PDF submission as that is what we will be working from.  We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience.  If you have any questions regarding your submission, please do not hesitate to contact [symposium@sigcse2021.org](mailto:symposium@sigcse2021.org).

<a name="logistics"></a>

## Logistics
The logistics information for Affiliated Events are detailed below.  Once the Affiliated Event is accepted the Pre-Symposium and Affiliated Events Chairs and dLPLAN (the SIGCSE TS Conference Management group) will contact organizers for further details about logistics including invoicing. Please make sure that you enter the correct contact information for those handling event logistics when submitting the event proposal to EasyChair.

### Charge
Affiliated Events will be charged a fee to help defray costs.  The exact costs have not been determined yet due to current COVID-19 related plans.  We will update this page as soon as more information is known.

### Registration
Registration for the event must be handled by the Affiliated Event organizers and will not be handled by the SIGCSE TS registration system.   (UPDATE: This is subject to change depending on the virtual platform chosen.  We will update this page as soon as more information is known.)
