---
layout: page
order: 2.1
title: "Birds-of-a-Feather (BOF)"
track: "Birds of a Feather"
---
{% include submission-details.html %}
 
## Author Guidelines: Birds-of-a-Feather (BOF)
 
Birds-of-a-Feather (BOF) Sessions provide an inclusive environment for colleagues with similar interests to meet for informal discussion. Proposers of BOF sessions should serve as discussion leaders only. BOFs are not intended to be presentations.
 
{% include review-anonymity.html %}
 
## How Should The Proposal Be Formatted?
{% include authorguidelines-planning.html %}
 
BOF proposals are to be provided in PDF format. The full 1-to-2 page proposal contains an abstract and a body that describes your BOF (as detailed below). The abstract needs to appear in two places: in the PDF proposal and in a text box on the submission page.
 
The full 1-to-2 page proposal is used for the review process only. If the proposal is accepted, the abstract is the description that appears on the Symposium website and in the Symposium program and proceedings. The format for the proposal is as follows.
 
### BOF Proposal Format and Contents
{% include template-information.html %}
 
* **Proposer**: Include name, affiliation, email address, and website address. You should expect most correspondence related to the conference to arrive via email. Please check your spam filter if you haven’t received an expected notification because the auto-responses generated by the conference software are sometimes blocked.
* **Title**: A title for the BOF.
* **Abstract**: A description of the BOF. The same abstract will also need to be submitted via a text box on the submission page. Please be sure that your description is accurate and that both submitted copies (here in the BOF Proposal, and in the submission text box) are exactly the same. 
* **Significance and Relevance of the Topic**: Please include information about any trends in relation to the topic and possibly describe (or cite) evidence to that effect. Your objective here is to explain why the topic is significant. You should also justify how your BOF will enhance future connections between attendees. This information can help your proposal to be selected if resources become an issue.
* **Expected Audience**: Briefly describe the nature and size of the expected audience. If you expect a particularly large or small audience, please explain why.  If you have a rough estimate of attendees based on previous years, please include it here. This information can help determine the schedule.
* **Additional Discussion Leader(s)**: Although correspondence will be with the proposer above, the proposer and any further discussion leader(s) will be mentioned in Symposium literature. Please list any additional such names (besides the proposer) and affiliations here. Be certain that you have their commitments to attend the Symposium. All discussion leaders must register for the SIGCSE Technical Symposium and attend the BOF session either in person or virtually.
* **Expertise of Discussion Leader(s)**: Give a summary of the qualifications of the discussion leader(s) as it relates to the BOF topic being proposed.
* **Proposed Activity during BOF**: Provide a brief description of the activities you intend to use during the BOF. We expect BOFs to be inclusive and involve active participation for attendees. Describe how your BOF will use inclusive practices and foster attendee involvement. Describe how you will engage with a hybrid audience (some attendees in person, some virtual).
Proposers may find the following resources useful in identifying inclusive practices to include in the BOF activities:
- An intro to facilitating hybrid groups online from Training for Change
- An inclusive meeting checklist from the University of Waterloo
- An article on facilitating effective discussions from the University of Waterloo
 
* **References**: Include a reference list if applicable.
### BOF Abstract (limited to {{site.data.submissions["birds of a feather"].abstract-limits}})
 
The abstract is the description of the BOF that will appear on the conference website. The description is limited to and must match verbatim the abstract section of the BOF Proposal. The BOF abstract must be submitted in plain text. The abstract for an accepted proposal may contain a URL with more information. (Abstracts of accepted BOFs can be edited in response to reviews.)
 
### Sample Proposal
* [Sample proposal (PDF)](/docs/sigcse-sample-bof-2021.pdf)
* [Sample proposal (Word)](/docs/sigcse-sample-bof-2021.doc)
 
{% include submission-proposal.html %}
 
