---
layout: page
order: 2.2
title: "Demo"
track: "Demos"
---

{% include submission-details.html %}


## Author Guidelines: Demos

Demos provide a way to showcase an educational tool or project in a live setting. Not designed to be sales pitches, demonstrations are a way for the community to see the relevance, potential, and innovation of the tool and allow time for discussion with its creator. 

Since SIGCSE TS 2022 is planned to be held as an on-site event, Demos will take place during break periods and will last 45 minutes. This follows the Demo format as used traditionally until the SIGCSE TS 2020. Thus physical presence of at least one of the presenters at the conference site is mandatory. However, we expect there will be virtual attendees as well. The proposals must clearly state how the Demo would be run on-site and either suggest a plan to accommodate remote attendees or explain why this would not be feasible. 

{% include review-anonymity.html %}

## How Should The Proposal Be Formatted?
{% include authorguidelines-planning.html %}

Demo proposals are submitted in PDF format. The full proposal contains an abstract and a body that describes your Demo (as detailed below). Proposals are limited to 2 pages, including an abstract of 250 words, and will be **reviewed with a single-anonymous process** for acceptance. Note that the full proposal is used only for the review process. If the proposal is accepted, the title and authors appear in the printed program, while the title, authors, and abstract appear in both the online program and the proceedings. The format for the proposal is described in the following section.

### Demo Proposal Format and Contents

* **Title**: A descriptive title for the Demo.

* **Proposer(s)**: Include name, affiliation, email address, and website address of all proposers. You should expect most correspondence related to the conference to arrive via email. Please check your spam filter if you haven’t received an expected notification because the auto-responses generated by the conference software are sometimes blocked.

* **Abstract**: A description of the Demo. The same abstract will also need to be submitted via a text box on the submission page. Please be sure that your description is accurate and that both submitted copies (here in the Demo Proposal, and in the submission text box) are exactly the same. Please recall that the abstract is the only part of the proposal to appear in the program and proceedings and should thus be self-contained.

* **Significance and Relevance of the Topic**: Please include information about any recent developments in relation to the tool/project and possibly describe (or cite) evidence. Your objective is to explain how the tool/project is significant. Explain how the tool/project is important for the computing education community and what the expected benefits of using it are with regard to teaching or learning computing topics. Ideally also explain ideas for courses/topics in which the tool/project is beneficial and provide evidence of its benefits, if possible.

* **Expected Audience**: Briefly describe the nature and size of the expected audience. This information will help reviewers assess the level of interest SIGCSE Technical Symposium attendees will have in the Demo.

* **Other Presenter(s)**: Although correspondence will be with the proposer(s) above, there might be additional presenter(s) involved.. Please list any additional such names (besides the proposer(s)) and affiliations here. Be certain that you have their commitments to attend the SIGCSE Technical Symposium. All presenters must register for the Symposium and at least one proposer or presenter must be physically present for the Demo session.

* **Expertise of Presenter(s)**: Give a summary of the qualifications of the presenter(s) as it relates to the tool/project being proposed.

* **Materials Provided**: Briefly explain which materials such as handouts/links/codes (if any) will be provided for the audience to take home.

* **Agenda for the Demo**: Exact timing details for organization of the Demo session are required here. Explain what the attendees can expect. Be sure to budget a realistic amount of time for questions from attendees. Describe how you will interact with and engage attendees.


* **Audio/Visual and Computer Requirements**: Indicate any specific requirements you may have **since your Demo will need to consider interacting with both on-site and virtual attendees**. Note that not all requirements might be met by the conferencing software used. At the time of acceptance more information about the conferencing software’s capabilities will be available.

### Tips for Creating an Effective Demo

* Interactivity with the audience!

* While proposed agendas may change, you should be as detailed in your agenda as possible.  Illustrate the specific activities you have in mind to the best of your ability.

* Make sure that you are explicit about what *you* want to get out of the Demo experience.  As described above, Demos are meant for you (the presenter) to get exposure for your tool or to generate discussion.  However, it is helpful for your reviewers to understand if you are looking to find users, vet future research directions, etc.

### Demo Proposal Abstract

The abstract is the description of the Demo that will appear on the conference web pages. The description is limited to and must match verbatim the abstract section of the Demo Proposal. The Demo abstract must be submitted in plain text. The abstract for an accepted proposal may contain a URL with more information. (Abstracts of accepted Demos can be edited in response to reviews.)


### Virtual Audience

Recall that since we expect virtual attendees in addition to on-site attendees, the proposal must clearly state how the Demo will be run on-site and either suggest a plan to accommodate remote attendees or explain why this would not be feasible.

### Teaser Video Option

Independent of your Demo presentation, you may optionally provide a pre-recorded video with an overview of the Demo of at most 5 minutes in length. The video must be provided before the symposium starts and will be referenced from the online program in order to give attendees the chance to get acquainted with the Demo beforehand. It may also widen the potential audience for your Demo. 


### Sample Proposal

* [Sample proposal (PDF)](/docs/sigcse-sample-demo.pdf)

* [Sample proposal (Word)](/docs/sigcse-sample-demo.docx)

{% include submission-proposal.html %}

