_authors/lightningtalks.md, before:

---
layout: page
order: 2
title: "Lightning Talk"
plural: "Lightning Talks"
---

{% include submission-details.html %}

## What is a Lightning Talk?

Lightning Talks describe works in progress, new and untested ideas, or opportunities for collaborative work. The purpose of a Lightning Talk can be to start a discussion, find collaborators, or receive input and critique about an idea. Proposals are limited to 500 words, including the abstract of 250 words, and will be blind reviewed for acceptance. Lightning Talk presentations will be a maximum of 5 minutes each. Presenters may use slides, but these must be submitted to the Lightning Talks chair a few days before the presentation.

**Proposals will undergo blind review.**

## How Should The Proposal Be Formatted?

Lightning Talk proposals must be submitted in PDF format. The full proposal contains an abstract and a description of your Lightning Talk (as detailed below). The full proposal is used for the review process only. If the proposal is accepted, the title and authors appear in the printed program and the title, authors, and abstract appear in the online program and proceedings.

## Lightning Talk Proposal Format and Contents (limited to {{site.data.submissions["lightning talks"].limits}})

-   **Title**: A title for the Lightning Talk.

-   **Abstract**: A summary of the Lightning Talk. The same abstract will also need to be submitted via a text box on the submission page. Please be sure that your summary is accurate and that both submitted copies (here in the Lightning Talk Proposal, and in the submission text box) are identical.

-   **Description**: Describe your talk in more detail. It will be helpful for reviewers to know why you are excited about the topic, and why you think others will be interested too.  Outline how you plan to present your topic in 5 minutes. Lightning talks are expected to explore tentative or preliminary work, or even ideas for possible work. Presentations of mature work will not be considered.

### Lightning Talk Abstract

The abstract is the summary of the Lightning talk that will appear on the conference web pages. The summary is limited to, and must match verbatim, the abstract section of the Lightning Talk proposal. The Lightning Talk abstract must be submitted in plain text.  Note that the abstracts of accepted Lightning Talks can be edited in response to reviews.

### Supplementary Materials

The abstract for an accepted proposal may contain a link to a website with more information.  However note that if you choose to include supplementary materials in your initial submission, you are obligated to blind the material, e.g., removing author names, using anonymous content hosting services such as Dropbox, as to respect the blind review process.  Furthermore, reviewers are not obligated to read your supplementary materials, so please ensure that your abstract is still self-contained and sufficient.

### Sample Proposal

* [Sample proposal (PDF)](../docs/sigcse-sample-lightning-talk.pdf)

<!--* [Sample proposal (Word)](../docs/sigcse-sample-lightning-talk.docx)-->

### 2018 Lightning Talks

* [SIGCSE 2018 Lightning Talks - Session 1](../docs/2018-lightning-talks/2018_LightningTalks_1.pdf)

* [SIGCSE 2018 Lightning Talks - Session 2](../docs/2018-lightning-talks/2018_LightningTalks_2.pdf)

{% include submission-proposal.html %}

Commit message:

Updates to authors 4 guidelines and 2 sample proposals

_authors/lightningtalks.md, after:

---
layout: page
order: 2
title: "Lightning Talk"
plural: "Lightning Talks"
---

{% include submission-details.html %}

## Author Guidelines: Lightning Talks

Lightning Talks describe works in progress, new and untested ideas, or opportunities for collaborative work. The purpose of a Lightning Talk can be to start a discussion, find collaborators, or receive input and critique about an idea. Proposals are limited to 500 words, including the abstract of 250 words, and will be **reviewed with a dual anonymous process** for acceptance. Lightning Talk presentations will be a maximum of 5 minutes each. Presenters may use slides, but these must be submitted to the Lightning Talks chair a few days before the presentation.

## How Should The Proposal Be Formatted?
{% include authorguidelines-planning.html %}

Lightning Talk proposals must be submitted in PDF format. The full proposal contains an abstract and a description of your Lightning Talk (as detailed below). The full proposal is used for the review process only and must be anonymized. If the proposal is accepted, the title and authors appear in the printed program and the title, authors, and abstract appear in the online program and proceedings. The format for the proposal is described in the following section.

## Lightning Talk Proposal Format and Contents (limited to {{site.data.submissions["lightning talks"].limits}})

-   **Title**: A title for the Lightning Talk.

-   **Abstract**: A summary of the Lightning Talk. The same abstract will also need to be submitted via a text box on the submission page. Please be sure that your summary is accurate and that both submitted copies (here in the Lightning Talk Proposal, and in the submission text box) are identical. Please recall that the abstract is the only part of the proposal to appear in program and proceedings and should thus be self-contained.

-   **Description**: Describe your talk in more detail. It will be helpful for reviewers to know why you are excited about the topic, and why you think others will be interested too.  Outline how you plan to present your topic in 5 minutes. Lightning talks are expected to explore tentative or preliminary work, or even ideas for possible work. Presentations of mature work will not be considered.

### Lightning Talk Abstract

The abstract is the summary of the Lightning talk that will appear on the conference web pages. The summary is limited to, and must match verbatim, the abstract section of the Lightning Talk proposal. The Lightning Talk abstract must be submitted in plain text.  Note that the abstracts of accepted Lightning Talks can be edited in response to reviews.

### Supplementary Materials

The abstract for an accepted proposal may contain a link to a website with more information.  However note that if you choose to include supplementary materials in your initial submission, you are **obligated to anonymize the material**, e.g., removing author names, using anonymous content hosting services such as Dropbox, as to respect the dual anonymous review process.  Furthermore, reviewers are not obligated to read your supplementary materials, so please ensure that your abstract is still self-contained and sufficient.

### Virtual Option
For virtual presentations, the presenter may either present live via conferencing software or provide a recording of their presentation.  If a recording is provided, the presenter must be available to participate live in Q&A during the session online via conferencing software.

### Face-to-Face Option
For presenters attending the symposium in person, the presentation will be in a regular conference session and room. Please be aware that some of the attendees might be watching virtually and may also participate in Q&A virtually via conferencing software.

### Sample Proposal

* [Sample Lightning Talk Proposal (PDF)](/docs/sigcse-sample-lightning-talk.pdf)
* [Sample Lightning Talk Proposal (Word)](/docs/sigcse-sample-lightning-talk.docx)

<!--* [Sample proposal (Word)](../docs/sigcse-sample-lightning-talk.docx)-->

### Previous Lightning Talks

- [SIGCSE TS 2020 Lightning Talks, online](https://sigcse2020.sigcse.org/online/lt.html)
- SIGCSE TS 2018
  - [SIGCSE 2018 Lightning Talks - Session 1](/docs/2018-lightning-talks/2018_LightningTalks_1.pdf)
  - [SIGCSE 2018 Lightning Talks - Session 2](/docs/2018-lightning-talks/2018_LightningTalks_2.pdf)

{% include submission-proposal.html %}
