_authors/posters.md, before:

---
layout: page
order: 2.5
title: "Poster"
track: "Posters"
---

{% include submission-details.html %}

<!-- {% include covid-guidelines-alert.html %} -->

## Author Guidelines: Posters
{% include alert info='Final as of September 17 2020' %}

Posters provide an opportunity for an informal presentation featuring “give and take” with conference attendees. Presenting a poster is also a good way in which to discuss and receive feedback on work in progress that has not been fully developed into a paper.

Posters should not be previously published, as a paper or a poster.

Graduate or undergraduate students submitting posters may instead wish
to submit to the [ACM Student Research Competition (SRC)]({{ site.url }}/authors/src) held
at SIGCSE Technical Symposium. Like normal posters, ACM SRC posters are
displayed at the conference, but the top poster authors also present
their work orally, may win prizes and proceed to the international ACM
Student Research Competition. 

Separately from the ACM SRC, this year there is also an [award from the Council of Undergraduate Research (CUR) for undergraduates presenting posters.](#cur) 


{% include review-anonymity.html %}


## Poster Topic Ideas

Any topic relevant to the conference focus areas is suitable for presentation as a poster. These include new results and insights around developing, implementing, or evaluating computing programs, curricula, and courses.  However, the topic should lend itself to presentation in poster format with additional details available in a handout or web page. You might consider a poster presentation of teaching materials that you would like to share or preliminary research findings, such as:

- imaginative assignments
- innovative curriculum design
- laboratory materials
- effective ideas for recruiting and retaining students
- pilot study completed
- data collected, initial results
- computing education research that is in a preliminary stage

Suggestions for poster design are given in [Creating Effective Academic Posters](https://urc.ucdavis.edu/creating-effective-academic-posters) [UC Davis] and [Research Posters 101](http://xrds.acm.org/article.cfm?aid=332138) [ACM Crossroads article]. While both of these references provide suggestions for student researchers, the ideas are also applicable to posters for this conference.

## Poster Presentation

SIGCSE TS 2021 will be held on-line and we expect  presenters will be able to present their poster via videoconference during a dedicated time slot. This would be similar to how poster presenters would interact with attendees in person - attendees could visit your presentation and ask questions in real time. In addition to submitting a pdf of your actual poster (what you would normally print out and display at an in-person conference), we may also allow authors to submit other materials that would be posted ahead of time for attendees to view (e.g. a short video). More details about presentation formats and materials will be provided once the virtual format of SIGCSE TS 2021 is finalized.

## How Should The Proposal Be Formatted?

New for SIGCSE TS 2021, **submissions must be anonymized for review**.  The goal of the anonymized version is to, as much as possible, allow the author(s) of the submission an unbiased review. The anonymized version should have ALL mentions of the authors removed (including author’s names and affiliation plus identifying information within the body of the submission such as websites or related publications). Self-citations need not be removed if they are worded so that the reviewer doesn’t know if the writer is citing themselves. That is, instead of writing “We reported on our first experiment in 2017 in a previous paper [1]”, the writer might write “In 2017, an initial experiment was done in this area as reported in [1].

The full proposal contains an abstract, an extended abstract, and a description of your poster (as detailed below). The abstract needs to appear in two places: in the PDF proposal and in a text box on the submission page.

The full proposal is used for the review process only. If the proposal is accepted, the abstract will appear on the Symposium website. The first page of your submission will appear in the Symposium proceedings and in the ACM Digital Library. The format for the proposal is as follows.


### Poster Proposal Format and Contents

The document submitted for review is limited to {{site.data.submissions.posters.limits}}. Proposals are to be provided in PDF format.

**New** Since SIGCSE TS 2020, **the first page of your submission will be published in the proceedings**, while the second page will be for review purposes only. Please see the template provided below for more details. 

The first page of your submission (that will go into the proceedings) must adhere to ACM’s publication guidelines:
{% include template-information.html %}

The fist page extended abstract page should include:

-   **Title**: A title for the poster.

-   Anonymize your submission, **do not** include author names, affiliations etc. anywhere in the submission

-   **Abstract**: Limited to {{site.data.submissions.posters.abstract-limits}}. The abstract should summarize the major aspects and serve as an advertisement for your poster. Some aspects you may want to include are the objective(s) of the work being presented, preliminary results, future work, and intended audience.  The same abstract will also need to be submitted via a text box on the submission page. Please be sure that your description is accurate and that both submitted copies (here in the poster proposal, and in the submission text box) are exactly the same.

-   **Extended Abstract**: The sections for this will vary from poster to poster, but it is expected to describe the main topic of the poster. A suggestion is to have the following sections: 1) Problem / Background / Related Work; 2) Overview / Methods / Results; 3) Contributions and Future Work. You may want to also list references. Your objective here is to explain why the topic is significant.

The authors of accepted submissions may edit the first page extended abstract in response to reviews prior to inclusion in the proceedings.

The second page, which will be for the reviewers only, and not included in the proceedings, should provide more context for reviewers. Examples of content you might provide on the second page include: description of tentative layout and content of the poster, description of any handouts that may be available, brief description of author expertise and background as it relates to the poster. You should also justify how your poster will engage participants in discussion. 

You do not need to submit the poster itself for review.

### Poster Abstract

The abstract is the description of the poster that will appear on the conference web pages. The description is limited to and must match verbatim the abstract section of the poster Proposal. The poster abstract must be submitted in plain text. The abstract for an accepted proposal may contain a URL with more information. (Abstracts of accepted posters can be edited in response to reviews.)

### Sample Proposal

-  [Proposal Example (PDF)](/docs/sigcse-sample-poster-anonymous.pdf)

-  [Proposal Example (Word)](/docs/sigcse-sample-poster-anonymous.docx)

<a name="cur"></a>

## Council for Undergraduate Research Award

The Council for Undergraduate Research’s (CUR) Math and Computer Science Division is partnering with the SIGCSE Technical Symposium to reward excellence in undergraduate research as part of the Posters track. There are awards for undergraduate poster authors with significant contributions to the presented work. 

Poster presentations by undergraduates will be judged by at least two judges.  Students will be evaluated on the following:

* Organization: of the poster and the presentation
* Delivery: of the poster presentation
* Supporting Materials: explanations, examples, and/or illustrations that support discussion of the research
* Significance: the intellectual merit, research question importance, and foundation for future work

For consideration, please check the option **Presenting Author is an Undergraduate Student** during submission of the poster.  The undergraduate student must be present during the poster presentation to be evaluated and be eligible for the award.  

Please note that this award is separate from the [ACM Student Research Competition](/authors/src).  Undergraduate students participating in the ACM Student Research Competition are not eligible for consideration of the CUR award.

{% include submission-proposal.html %}

## Presenting at SIGCSE TS 2021

### Important Dates

* TBD

### How will I be presenting my work? (Posters)

Poasters Track chairs will be in touch with presenters soon regarding information about presenting.

Commit message:

Adds text for presenting posters, fixes typo on papers

_authors/posters.md, after:

---
layout: page
order: 2.5
title: "Poster"
track: "Posters"
---

{% include submission-details.html %}

<!-- {% include covid-guidelines-alert.html %} -->

## Author Guidelines: Posters
{% include alert info='Final as of September 17 2020' %}

Posters provide an opportunity for an informal presentation featuring “give and take” with conference attendees. Presenting a poster is also a good way in which to discuss and receive feedback on work in progress that has not been fully developed into a paper.

Posters should not be previously published, as a paper or a poster.

Graduate or undergraduate students submitting posters may instead wish
to submit to the [ACM Student Research Competition (SRC)]({{ site.url }}/authors/src) held
at SIGCSE Technical Symposium. Like normal posters, ACM SRC posters are
displayed at the conference, but the top poster authors also present
their work orally, may win prizes and proceed to the international ACM
Student Research Competition. 

Separately from the ACM SRC, this year there is also an [award from the Council of Undergraduate Research (CUR) for undergraduates presenting posters.](#cur) 


{% include review-anonymity.html %}


## Poster Topic Ideas

Any topic relevant to the conference focus areas is suitable for presentation as a poster. These include new results and insights around developing, implementing, or evaluating computing programs, curricula, and courses.  However, the topic should lend itself to presentation in poster format with additional details available in a handout or web page. You might consider a poster presentation of teaching materials that you would like to share or preliminary research findings, such as:

- imaginative assignments
- innovative curriculum design
- laboratory materials
- effective ideas for recruiting and retaining students
- pilot study completed
- data collected, initial results
- computing education research that is in a preliminary stage

Suggestions for poster design are given in [Creating Effective Academic Posters](https://urc.ucdavis.edu/creating-effective-academic-posters) [UC Davis] and [Research Posters 101](http://xrds.acm.org/article.cfm?aid=332138) [ACM Crossroads article]. While both of these references provide suggestions for student researchers, the ideas are also applicable to posters for this conference.

## Poster Presentation

SIGCSE TS 2021 will be held on-line and we expect  presenters will be able to present their poster via videoconference during a dedicated time slot. This would be similar to how poster presenters would interact with attendees in person - attendees could visit your presentation and ask questions in real time. In addition to submitting a pdf of your actual poster (what you would normally print out and display at an in-person conference), we may also allow authors to submit other materials that would be posted ahead of time for attendees to view (e.g. a short video). More details about presentation formats and materials will be provided once the virtual format of SIGCSE TS 2021 is finalized.

## How Should The Proposal Be Formatted?

New for SIGCSE TS 2021, **submissions must be anonymized for review**.  The goal of the anonymized version is to, as much as possible, allow the author(s) of the submission an unbiased review. The anonymized version should have ALL mentions of the authors removed (including author’s names and affiliation plus identifying information within the body of the submission such as websites or related publications). Self-citations need not be removed if they are worded so that the reviewer doesn’t know if the writer is citing themselves. That is, instead of writing “We reported on our first experiment in 2017 in a previous paper [1]”, the writer might write “In 2017, an initial experiment was done in this area as reported in [1].

The full proposal contains an abstract, an extended abstract, and a description of your poster (as detailed below). The abstract needs to appear in two places: in the PDF proposal and in a text box on the submission page.

The full proposal is used for the review process only. If the proposal is accepted, the abstract will appear on the Symposium website. The first page of your submission will appear in the Symposium proceedings and in the ACM Digital Library. The format for the proposal is as follows.


### Poster Proposal Format and Contents

The document submitted for review is limited to {{site.data.submissions.posters.limits}}. Proposals are to be provided in PDF format.

**New** Since SIGCSE TS 2020, **the first page of your submission will be published in the proceedings**, while the second page will be for review purposes only. Please see the template provided below for more details. 

The first page of your submission (that will go into the proceedings) must adhere to ACM’s publication guidelines:
{% include template-information.html %}

The fist page extended abstract page should include:

-   **Title**: A title for the poster.

-   Anonymize your submission, **do not** include author names, affiliations etc. anywhere in the submission

-   **Abstract**: Limited to {{site.data.submissions.posters.abstract-limits}}. The abstract should summarize the major aspects and serve as an advertisement for your poster. Some aspects you may want to include are the objective(s) of the work being presented, preliminary results, future work, and intended audience.  The same abstract will also need to be submitted via a text box on the submission page. Please be sure that your description is accurate and that both submitted copies (here in the poster proposal, and in the submission text box) are exactly the same.

-   **Extended Abstract**: The sections for this will vary from poster to poster, but it is expected to describe the main topic of the poster. A suggestion is to have the following sections: 1) Problem / Background / Related Work; 2) Overview / Methods / Results; 3) Contributions and Future Work. You may want to also list references. Your objective here is to explain why the topic is significant.

The authors of accepted submissions may edit the first page extended abstract in response to reviews prior to inclusion in the proceedings.

The second page, which will be for the reviewers only, and not included in the proceedings, should provide more context for reviewers. Examples of content you might provide on the second page include: description of tentative layout and content of the poster, description of any handouts that may be available, brief description of author expertise and background as it relates to the poster. You should also justify how your poster will engage participants in discussion. 

You do not need to submit the poster itself for review.

### Poster Abstract

The abstract is the description of the poster that will appear on the conference web pages. The description is limited to and must match verbatim the abstract section of the poster Proposal. The poster abstract must be submitted in plain text. The abstract for an accepted proposal may contain a URL with more information. (Abstracts of accepted posters can be edited in response to reviews.)

### Sample Proposal

-  [Proposal Example (PDF)](/docs/sigcse-sample-poster-anonymous.pdf)

-  [Proposal Example (Word)](/docs/sigcse-sample-poster-anonymous.docx)

<a name="cur"></a>

## Council for Undergraduate Research Award

The Council for Undergraduate Research’s (CUR) Math and Computer Science Division is partnering with the SIGCSE Technical Symposium to reward excellence in undergraduate research as part of the Posters track. There are awards for undergraduate poster authors with significant contributions to the presented work. 

Poster presentations by undergraduates will be judged by at least two judges.  Students will be evaluated on the following:

* Organization: of the poster and the presentation
* Delivery: of the poster presentation
* Supporting Materials: explanations, examples, and/or illustrations that support discussion of the research
* Significance: the intellectual merit, research question importance, and foundation for future work

For consideration, please check the option **Presenting Author is an Undergraduate Student** during submission of the poster.  The undergraduate student must be present during the poster presentation to be evaluated and be eligible for the award.  

Please note that this award is separate from the [ACM Student Research Competition](/authors/src).  Undergraduate students participating in the ACM Student Research Competition are not eligible for consideration of the CUR award.

{% include submission-proposal.html %}

## Presenting at SIGCSE TS 2021

### Important Dates

* TBD

### How will I be presenting my work? (Posters)

Authors should prepare a poster as usual, a PDF of which will be submitted as part of the presentation and will be made available to attendees roughly two weeks before the Technical Symposium begins on Pathable.  Attendees will have the opportunity to access all available content during the weeks leading up to the Symposium and will have access for a year following the end of the Symposium.  

Posters Track chairs will be in touch with presenters soon with more information about presenting.
