---
layout: page
order: 3
title: "Pre-Symposium Event"
track: "Pre-Symposium Events"
---

{% include submission-details.html %}

{% include covid-guidelines-alert.html %}

## Author Guidelines: Pre-Symposium Events

{% include alert info='Current as of August 13 2020' %}

{% include alert info='We are still establishing new policies for pre-symposium and affiliated events for a virtual Technical Symposium, including cost structure, format, and timing.  If you are interested in holding either a pre-symposium or affiliated event, please contact symposium@sigcse2021.org to discuss your needs.' %}

Pre-Symposium Events are an excellent venue for SIGCSE TS sub-communities to arrange their own event or meeting before the SIGCSE Technical Symposium gets started. We encourage submission of events that describe existing and emerging subfields and the plan organizers have to build growth in their communities. We also encourage events that help develop new faculty and leaders in Computer Science Education.

The SIGCSE TS 2021 organizers have a vision to encourage sub-communities to organize their own events by submitting a pre-symposium event proposal that should include a description of the event and its importance and relevance, the proposed organizing committee and, if appropriate, the program committee, and the proposed format for the event.  **[Please note there is typically a charge for holding a Pre-Symposium Event to help defray costs.](#logistics)**

If your pre-symposium event is accepted, you, as event organizers would then release a “Call for Participation” inviting members of your community to submit papers, posters, or apply to your event through **your own event submission site**. Your organizing and program committees would be responsible for handling all event websites, submissions, decisions, notifications, and publication of the event proceedings.

Please note the following:

* Pre-Symposium events participants should also register for the SIGCSE Technical Symposium.
* Pre-Symposium events must supply their own registration sites.  Registration for your Pre-Symposium event will not be handled through SIGCSE Technical Symposium registration systems. 
* We will link to your Pre-Symposium event URL provided as part of registration from the SIGCSE TS webpages.  This should be the URL that will contain information about your event, logistics, and applications/registration.

**Proposals undergo review but not anonymous review.**  Acceptance is based on availability.

**SIGCSE TS Supporters interested in holding a Pre-Symposium Event should contact sigcse@dlplan.com for more information.**

## How Should The Proposal Be Formatted?

Pre-Symposium event proposals are to be provided in PDF format. The full proposal contains an abstract and a body that describes your Event (as detailed below). The abstract needs to appear in two places: in the PDF proposal and in a text box on the submission page.

The full proposal is used for the review process only. If the proposal is accepted, the abstract is the description that appears on the Symposium website. The format for the proposal is as follows.

### Event Proposal Format and Contents

-   **Title**: A title for the Pre-Symposium Event.

-   **Abstract**: A description of the Event. The same abstract will also need to be submitted via a text box on the submission page. Please be sure that your description is accurate and that both submitted copies (here in the Event Proposal, and in the submission text box) are exactly the same.

-   **Proposer(s)**:  Include name, affiliation, email address, and website address. You should expect most correspondence related to the conference to arrive via email. Please check your spam filter if you haven’t received an expected notification because the auto-responses generated by the conference software are sometimes blocked.

-   **Event URL**: List the anticipated URL for your event website here.  

-   **Significance and Relevance of the Event Topic/Purpose**: lease include information about any trends in relation to the subfield and possibly describe (or cite) evidence to that effect. Your objective here is to explain why the event or community served is significant.


-   **Intended Audience**: Briefly describe the nature and size of the intended/expected audience. This information will help gauge the level of interest SIGCSE Technical Symposium attendees will have in the Event.

-   **Expertise of Organizer(s)**: Give a summary of the qualifications of the organizer(s) as it relates to the event being proposed.

-   **Rough Agenda for the Event**: Timing details would be helpful here. Explain what the attendees can expect. Be sure to budget a realistic amount of time for questions from attendees.

-	Proposers of hands-on events should indicate which of the following formats they wish for their event:

	* **Laptop Required**. Participants should bring a laptop to participate.
	
	* **Laptop Recommended**. It is recommended, but not required, that participants bring a laptop.
	
	* **Laptop Optional**. It is not necessary for participants to bring laptops.
	
	* **Laptop Not Required**. Participants do not need a laptop.

-   **Types of submissions**: If your event will solicit contributions, describe the contributions.

-   **Topics for submissions**: If your event will solicit contributions, describe the topics for the contributions.

-   **Program Committee**: If your event will solicit contributions, list the proposed reviewers/PC.

-   **Audio/Visual and Room Setup Requirements**: Please enter these only on the EasyChair submission form, and not in your proposal document.

### Event Proposal Abstract

The abstract is the description of the event that will appear on the conference web pages. The description is limited to and must match verbatim the abstract section of the Event Proposal. The Event abstract must be submitted in plain text. The abstract for an accepted proposal SHOULD contain a URL with more information. (Abstracts of accepted Events can be edited in response to feedback.)

### EasyChair Submission

Please note that the questions in EasyChair were determined before it was decided that SIGCSE TS 2021 would be a virtual event.  We do not wish to change the questions after submissions have opened as it may have unintended consequences with the submission system.  Please answer the questions as best you can, ensuring that your virtual plans are in your PDF submission as that is what we will be working from.  We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience.  If you have any questions regarding your submission, please do not hesitate to contact [symposium@sigcse2021.org](mailto:symposium@sigcse2021.org).

<a name="logistics"></a>

## Logistics
The logistics information for Pre-Symposium Events are detailed below.  Once the Pre-Symposium Event is accepted, the Pre-Symposium and Affiliated Events Chairs and dLPLAN (the SIGCSE TS Conference Management group) will contact organizers for further details about logistics including invoicing. Please make sure that you enter the correct contact information for those handling event logistics when submitting the event proposal to EasyChair.

### Charge
Pre-Symposium Events will be charged a fee to help defray costs.  The exact costs have not been determined yet due to current COVID-19 related plans.  We will update this page as soon as more information is known.

### Registration
Registration for the event must be handled by the Affiliated Event organizers and will not be handled by the SIGCSE TS registration system.  (UPDATE: This is subject to change depending on the virtual platform chosen.  We will update this page as soon as more information is known.)


