pages/health_and_safety.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Health and Safety Information"
meta_title: "Health and Safety Information for SIGCSE TS 2022 Participants"
permalink: "/health/"
sidebar: health
---

Current as of: February 20, 2022

## SIGCSE TS 2022 (TS 2022) will be an In-Person Event with Full Remote Participation Available

TS 2022 will take place March 2-5, 2022, with the in-person component in Providence, RI, USA, and the virtual component hosted on the Pathable platform (see the [Participant Information](/participants) page). The TS 2022 committee is dedicated to providing the community with the best possible conference experience for all participants regardless of the modality of their participation.

The health and safety of the TS 2022 family — participants and volunteers alike — remains a top priority. With a focus on coming together safely this March, we will be implementing the safety protocols below for all in-person participants. These are based on the policies and recommendations of the World Health Organization (WHO), the U.S. Center for Disease Control (CDC) (e.g., [https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/vaccines/fully-vaccinated-guidance.html](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/vaccines/fully-vaccinated-guidance.html)), and the state of Rhode Island ([https://covid.ri.gov/](https://covid.ri.gov/)), as well as the requirements of the Association of Computing Machinery and the SIGCSE Board.

## Proof of Vaccination

If you are considering attending TS 2022 in-person, please visit our [Getting Ready: SIGCSE TS 2022 In-Person Participation](/participants/in-person-getting-ready/) web page ASAP for details about having your vaccination verified in advance. In order to participate in TS 2022 in-person activities, all in-person participants, exhibitors, volunteers, and staff must have their COVID-19 vaccination verified in advance. The registration and verification process occurs over the span of two or more days. Approved vaccines for TS 2022 include all those approved by either the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the World Health Organization (WHO), or the national health authority of the country where they are administered. Participants are considered fully vaccinated 14 days after the last dose of their vaccine series.

## Before You Travel

We will continue to closely monitor specific travel advisories through official channels, which include WHO and the CDC, as well as safety guidelines at the local and state levels.

Before traveling to the conference, we recommend that you stay informed of any information your local health agencies may make available and take reasonable precautions to protect yourself. TS 2022 continues to closely monitor this dynamic situation and will provide updates with any developments and reserves the right to make changes as needed.

## On-Site Safety Protocols

__Face Coverings:__ Masks will be required during all TS 2022 activities.

__Social Distancing:__ Space planning in all meeting rooms will allow for social distancing.

__Hygiene:__ Non-contact hand sanitizer dispensers have been placed throughout the Rhode Island Convention Center.  Although nothing replaces washing our hands with soap and water, these hand sanitizer dispensers are available for the convenience of all who attend events at the convention center.

__Cleaning:__ Prior to every event, trained staff will follow CDC and local guidelines on the cleaning and disinfecting of all areas including touch points (handrails, seats, restrooms, etc.). The Environmental Hygiene program was developed with guidance from CDC, NHS, PHAA, WHO and experts in hygiene.

__Additional:__ TS 2022 may enforce additional requirements, particularly to align with CDC guidelines in place at the time of the meeting.

## Frequently Asked Questions
__What are the entry requirements for TS 2022 events, including the keynote and the receptions?__
Entry requirements include onsite confirmation of vaccination verification, as evidenced by either the appropriate wristband or a TS 2022 badge, as well as an appropriate mask.

__What is the process to provide proof of vaccination?__
The process takes place over the span of two or more days. Please see our [Getting Ready: SIGCSE TS 2022 In-Person Participation](/participants/in-person-getting-ready/) page ASAP for details.

__Which vaccinations will be accepted?__
TS 2022 is able to accept all CDC-approved vaccines, WHO-approved vaccines, and vaccines authorized or approved by the national health authority of the country where they are administered.

__Will TS 2022 honor vaccination exemptions for medical or religious reasons?__
SIGCSE requires proof of vaccination for in-person participation in 2022 conferences. TS 2022 is unable to provide any exemptions. Those who are unable to provide proof of vaccination are encouraged to participate remotely.

__Will TS 2022 consider a negative COVID-19 test in lieu of proof of vaccination?__
SIGCSE requires proof of vaccination for in-person participation in 2022 conferences. TS 2022 is unable to accept a negative COVID-19 test in lieu of proof of vaccination. Those who are unable to provide proof of vaccination are encouraged to participate remotely.

__Will I also need to provide proof of a COVID-19 booster shot?__
Booster shots are currently not required to be considered fully vaccinated.

__Do I have to pay to have my vaccination status verified?__
There will be no cost to TS 2022 participants associated with the vaccine verification process.

__Will the staff supporting the TS 2022 conference also be required to provide proof of vaccination?__
TS 2022 requires full vaccination of all in-person participants, exhibitors, volunteers, and staff.

__Will there be a mask requirement at TS 2022?__
Yes. Masks will be required at all TS 2022 activities.

__How will TS 2022 support social distancing at the conference?__
All meeting rooms will include options for social distancing. All TS 2022 participants, including exhibitors, are asked to follow rules, local guidance, and preferences of fellow participants with respect to social distancing.

__What if I Exhibit COVID-19 Symptoms?__
If you exhibit COVID-19 symptoms while at TS 2022, please remove yourself from any conference activities. You can visit the Nurse Station at the Rhode Island Convention Center for guidance.

__What if Test Positive for COVID-19 while at SIGCSE TS?__
If you test positive for COVID-19 during TS 2022, immediately isolate yourself in your hotel room. Then email [the registration team](registration@sigcse2022.org) and [ACM](conferencestaff@acm.org). The conference organizers will alert the RICC and your hotel. Do not participate in person in any other TS 2022 activities.

__Where is the nearest COVID-19 Testing Center?__
There is an appointment-only COVID-19 testing center in the south parking garage of the RICC. The garage is accessible via the skywalk between the RICC and the Omni hotel. The testing center is open Monday – Sunday, 8 AM - 6 PM. To schedule an appointment, visit the [Rhode Island Department of Health COVID-19 Test Scheduling Portal](https://portal.ri.gov/s/login/?language=en_US&startURL=%2Fs%2F&ec=302) and select<br><br>
<span style="margin-left:10%">Rhode Island Convention Center Walk Up</span><br>
<span style="margin-left:10%">1 Sabin Street</span><br>
<span style="margin-left:10%">Providence, RI 02903.<br><br>
Rapid tests and PCR tests are available (rapid tests are only done for those with appointments who are exhibiting symptoms). This is a walk-up location and free of charge.

__Who is responsible for the costs associated with COVID-19 isolation?__
Attendees are responsible for any costs associated with isolation. Attendees should work directly with hotel for accommodations.

__What if I test positive after the conference?__
Participants and volunteers at TS 2022 agree to self-monitor for signs and symptoms of COVID-19, and to contact [ACM](conferencestaff@acm.org) if they are diagnosed with COVID-19 within 14 days after participating or volunteering at the event.

__What other measures is TS 2022 taking to ensure a safe conference?__
Leading up to and continuing through TS 2022, this page will contain the most up to date information on the safety protocols being followed for the conference. We will continue to look at ways to enhance our health and safety measures as needed.

Commit message:

Added link to list of testing sites

pages/health_and_safety.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Health and Safety Information"
meta_title: "Health and Safety Information for SIGCSE TS 2022 Participants"
permalink: "/health/"
sidebar: health
---

Current as of: February 23, 2022

## SIGCSE TS 2022 (TS 2022) will be an In-Person Event with Full Remote Participation Available

TS 2022 will take place March 2-5, 2022, with the in-person component in Providence, RI, USA, and the virtual component hosted on the Pathable platform (see the [Participant Information](/participants) page). The TS 2022 committee is dedicated to providing the community with the best possible conference experience for all participants regardless of the modality of their participation.

The health and safety of the TS 2022 family — participants and volunteers alike — remains a top priority. With a focus on coming together safely this March, we will be implementing the safety protocols below for all in-person participants. These are based on the policies and recommendations of the World Health Organization (WHO), the U.S. Center for Disease Control (CDC) (e.g., [https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/vaccines/fully-vaccinated-guidance.html](https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/vaccines/fully-vaccinated-guidance.html)), and the state of Rhode Island ([https://covid.ri.gov/](https://covid.ri.gov/)), as well as the requirements of the Association of Computing Machinery and the SIGCSE Board.

## Proof of Vaccination

If you are considering attending TS 2022 in-person, please visit our [Getting Ready: SIGCSE TS 2022 In-Person Participation](/participants/in-person-getting-ready/) web page ASAP for details about having your vaccination verified in advance. In order to participate in TS 2022 in-person activities, all in-person participants, exhibitors, volunteers, and staff must have their COVID-19 vaccination verified in advance. The registration and verification process occurs over the span of two or more days. Approved vaccines for TS 2022 include all those approved by either the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the World Health Organization (WHO), or the national health authority of the country where they are administered. Participants are considered fully vaccinated 14 days after the last dose of their vaccine series.

## Before You Travel

We will continue to closely monitor specific travel advisories through official channels, which include WHO and the CDC, as well as safety guidelines at the local and state levels.

Before traveling to the conference, we recommend that you stay informed of any information your local health agencies may make available and take reasonable precautions to protect yourself. TS 2022 continues to closely monitor this dynamic situation and will provide updates with any developments and reserves the right to make changes as needed.

## On-Site Safety Protocols

__Face Coverings:__ Masks will be required during all TS 2022 activities.

__Social Distancing:__ Space planning in all meeting rooms will allow for social distancing.

__Hygiene:__ Non-contact hand sanitizer dispensers have been placed throughout the Rhode Island Convention Center.  Although nothing replaces washing our hands with soap and water, these hand sanitizer dispensers are available for the convenience of all who attend events at the convention center.

__Cleaning:__ Prior to every event, trained staff will follow CDC and local guidelines on the cleaning and disinfecting of all areas including touch points (handrails, seats, restrooms, etc.). The Environmental Hygiene program was developed with guidance from CDC, NHS, PHAA, WHO and experts in hygiene.

__Additional:__ TS 2022 may enforce additional requirements, particularly to align with CDC guidelines in place at the time of the meeting.

## Frequently Asked Questions
__What are the entry requirements for TS 2022 events, including the keynote and the receptions?__
Entry requirements include onsite confirmation of vaccination verification, as evidenced by either the appropriate wristband or a TS 2022 badge, as well as an appropriate mask.

__What is the process to provide proof of vaccination?__
The process takes place over the span of two or more days. Please see our [Getting Ready: SIGCSE TS 2022 In-Person Participation](/participants/in-person-getting-ready/) page ASAP for details.

__Which vaccinations will be accepted?__
TS 2022 is able to accept all CDC-approved vaccines, WHO-approved vaccines, and vaccines authorized or approved by the national health authority of the country where they are administered.

__Will TS 2022 honor vaccination exemptions for medical or religious reasons?__
SIGCSE requires proof of vaccination for in-person participation in 2022 conferences. TS 2022 is unable to provide any exemptions. Those who are unable to provide proof of vaccination are encouraged to participate remotely.

__Will TS 2022 consider a negative COVID-19 test in lieu of proof of vaccination?__
SIGCSE requires proof of vaccination for in-person participation in 2022 conferences. TS 2022 is unable to accept a negative COVID-19 test in lieu of proof of vaccination. Those who are unable to provide proof of vaccination are encouraged to participate remotely.

__Will I also need to provide proof of a COVID-19 booster shot?__
Booster shots are currently not required to be considered fully vaccinated.

__Do I have to pay to have my vaccination status verified?__
There will be no cost to TS 2022 participants associated with the vaccine verification process.

__Will the staff supporting the TS 2022 conference also be required to provide proof of vaccination?__
TS 2022 requires full vaccination of all in-person participants, exhibitors, volunteers, and staff.

__Will there be a mask requirement at TS 2022?__
Yes. Masks will be required at all TS 2022 activities.

__How will TS 2022 support social distancing at the conference?__
All meeting rooms will include options for social distancing. All TS 2022 participants, including exhibitors, are asked to follow rules, local guidance, and preferences of fellow participants with respect to social distancing.

__What if I Exhibit COVID-19 Symptoms?__
If you exhibit COVID-19 symptoms while at TS 2022, please remove yourself from any conference activities. You can visit the Nurse Station at the Rhode Island Convention Center for guidance.

__What if Test Positive for COVID-19 while at SIGCSE TS?__
If you test positive for COVID-19 during TS 2022, immediately isolate yourself in your hotel room. Then email [the registration team](registration@sigcse2022.org) and [ACM](conferencestaff@acm.org). The conference organizers will alert the RICC and your hotel. Do not participate in person in any other TS 2022 activities.

__Where is the nearest COVID-19 Testing Center?__
There is an appointment-only COVID-19 testing center in the south parking garage of the RICC. The garage is accessible via the skywalk between the RICC and the Omni hotel. The testing center is open Monday – Sunday, 8 AM - 6 PM. To schedule an appointment, visit the [Rhode Island Department of Health COVID-19 Test Scheduling Portal](https://portal.ri.gov/s/login/?language=en_US&startURL=%2Fs%2F&ec=302) and select<br><br>
<span style="margin-left:10%">Rhode Island Convention Center Walk Up</span><br>
<span style="margin-left:10%">1 Sabin Street</span><br>
<span style="margin-left:10%">Providence, RI 02903.<br><br>
Rapid tests and PCR tests are available (rapid tests are only done for those with appointments who are exhibiting symptoms). This is a walk-up location and free of charge.

Also, this [list of testing sites](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ZPU7c3QYweLDNa2TyCng_L5TC33CT_4xJrGEI_QrxSU/edit?usp=sharing) was current as of a few months ago.

__Who is responsible for the costs associated with COVID-19 isolation?__
Attendees are responsible for any costs associated with isolation. Attendees should work directly with hotel for accommodations.

__What if I test positive after the conference?__
Participants and volunteers at TS 2022 agree to self-monitor for signs and symptoms of COVID-19, and to contact [ACM](conferencestaff@acm.org) if they are diagnosed with COVID-19 within 14 days after participating or volunteering at the event.

__What other measures is TS 2022 taking to ensure a safe conference?__
Leading up to and continuing through TS 2022, this page will contain the most up to date information on the safety protocols being followed for the conference. We will continue to look at ways to enhance our health and safety measures as needed.
